NETHERLANDS

Being a proper Manchester United fan, it may seem biased that I expect a lot from the Netherlands. Well ...you're right. 
The manager, Luis Van Gaal is a legend in the game. He comes from the now famous Dutch school of thought based around the "total" footballer. Many books have been written on his philosophy of tactis and drills, and they are studied by wanabe coaches and managers around the globe.

With Van Gaal at the helm, the ship looks solid, and if it starts to waver, there are leaders on the squad who can take it upon themselves to change the game as they have done so on countless occasions for their respective clubs. I am of course talking of Robin Van Persie, Arjen Robben, Wesley Sneijder.


Main strength: ATTACK. As long as they pressure high on the field and keep possession up top, teams will crumble under the force of this magnificent attack force.

Weakness: DEFENSE. With a relatively weak back line, Van Gaal has opted for a 3-5-3 or a 5-3-3 formation. This extra man should compensate for the lack of leadership in the back, but if it gets exposed, I do not see many options on the bench to help fortify.



RVP
The captain, now dubbed "the flying Dutchman" after his wonder goal is a hero for his club and his club before that. A true leader on the field, he is one of the very few strikers in the world who can take the game into his own hands, take the ball into his own feet, and turn things around when the chips are down. 
Robin Van Persie is the child of artist parents, and it shows. He has a finesse which I consider unmatched in the world of soccer. Whereas most of today's heroes are extremely fast, super strong, able to float on the pitch -Robin's strength lay here:

1. Seeing things before they happen
2. Knowing which tool in his arsenal is necessary to succeed
3. Having the ability to adapt and call upon that arsenal
4. Showing us things in the arsenal that we didn't even know existed.


Weakness: Injuries have dampened his season in the English Premier League, hopefully he can stay fir for the whole FIFA campaign.


Belgium
Belgium does not seem to be on anybody's radar, and that's why I love them! If you want to be the cool kid at school, tell them you're routing for Belgium.
Why?
Chillout bro, i'll tell you why.
Let's start with some names:

Vincent Kompany - Captain and fearless leader of Manchester City (EPL Champions)
Edin Hazard - One of the hottest properties in football today, able to twist and turn through any defensive line. Also has a wicked shot!
Adnan Januzaj - Okay he might start on the bench but let me tell you, this kid from Belgium will be the next Messi/Ronaldo in a few years.
Romelu Lukaku - This bulldozer of a striker had a magnificent season in the EPL, getting his team into the coveted top 4 ranking.
Marouanne Fellaini - We expected a lot from him at MUTD (ok maybe we didn't) but he had a bad season because he wasn't utilised in his stongest role. I think Belgium will use him to the fullest and get the most out of him. HEADERS!
Kevin De Bruyne - He. Can. Shoot. From. ANYWHERE!
Mousa Dembele - When he is on form, I liken him to Yaya Toure in the way he can bully the midfield, using his strength to impose his will.

At this point let me just name a few of the other players who play for the best leagues in the world, and are all more than capable of handling the pressure of the big stage. Each of them have something to prove and let me tell you, I see no weakness here.

Vertonghen - Defender
Vermalean - Defender
Mertens - Midfielder
Van Buyten - Defender
Witsel - Midfielder
Mignolet - Goalkeeper





